add a quick-start section to our docs (#1118)
bpfman/bpfman: docs/quick-start.md

> # Bpfman Quick Start

Author: Done!

URL          : https://bpfman.io
License      : Apache-2.0 AND Unicode-DFS-2016 AND BSD-3-Clause AND ISC AND MIT AND MPL-2.0
Description  : An eBPF Program Manager.
```

Next install, either the latest version with:

```console
sudo dnf install bpfman 
```

Or install an older version with:

```console
sudo dnf install bpfman-<RELEASE_VERSION> 
```

`bpfman` is now installed but not running. To start the `bpfman-rpc` server process:

```console
sudo systemctl daemon-reload
sudo systemctl enable bpfman.socket
sudo systemctl start bpfman.socket
```

Finally you run one of the local example applications:

```console
go run -exec sudo ./examples/go-tracepoint-counter/main.go -image quay.io/bpfman-bytecode/go-tracepoint-counter
2024/05/02 14:58:10 Using Input: Interface= Priority=0 Source=quay.io/bpfman-bytecode/go-tracepoint-counter
2024/05/02 14:58:13 Program registered with id 18569
2024/05/02 14:58:14 SIGUSR1 signal count: 8
2024/05/02 14:58:15 SIGUSR1 signal count: 9
2024/05/02 14:58:16 SIGUSR1 signal count: 10
```

## Deploy Released container images on Kubernetes

The quickest solution for running `bpfman` in a Kubernetes deployment is to run a

> local Kubernetes KIND Cluster:

Reviewer: I suggest you link KIND Cluster to https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/quick-start/

```console
kind create cluster --name=test-bpfman
```

Next, deploy the bpfman CRDs:

```console
export BPFMAN_REL=0.4.1
kubectl apply -f  https://github.com/bpfman/bpfman/releases/download/v${BPFMAN_REL}/bpfman-crds-install.yaml
```

Next, deploy the `bpfman-operator`, which will also deploy the `bpfman-daemon`, which contains
`bpfman-rpc`, `bpfman` Library and `bpfman-agent`:

```console
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/bpfman/bpfman/releases/download/v${BPFMAN_REL}/bpfman-operator-install-v${BPFMAN_REL}.yaml
```

Finally, deploy an example eBPF program.

```console

> kubectl apply -f https://github.com/bpfman/bpfman/releases/download/v${BPFMAN_REL}/go-xdp-counter-install-v${BPFMAN_REL}.yaml

Author: Agreed for RC release, Please see the release PR I added a note to the RELEASE.md talking about RC releases and how they might not have all the correct artifacts.

Minor and Major releases should still have them

> kubectl apply -f https://github.com/bpfman/bpfman/releases/download/v${BPFMAN_REL}/go-xdp-counter-install-v${BPFMAN_REL}.yaml

Reviewer 2: Sounds good.

```

> There are other example programs in each [Release](https://github.com/bpfman/bpfman/releases)

Author: See above comment/ read the v0.4.1 release pr and let me know if that works :)

> There are other example programs in each [Release](https://github.com/bpfman/bpfman/releases)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are other example program install yamls in the artifacts for each [Release](https://github.com/bpfman/bpfman/releases)
```
This was going to be my initial comment until I couldn't find the yamls.

> There are other example programs in each [Release](https://github.com/bpfman/bpfman/releases)

Author: Done!
